Subtitles by DramaFever
[The characters, groups, places, and
situations in this drama are fictional.]
[Episode 2]
[Cross]
I can't forgive the man
who killed my father...
but I can't...
forgive you for what
you did to In Joo either.
I'm going to get my revenge in the
cruelest, and most painful way.
I'll do it...
with my own hands.
Revenge?
The reality is that you overmedicated
a patient with excessive bleeding
and caused his heart failure.
Get a hold of yourself.
The fact that you're at that prison
and your malpractice alone...
are enough to strip you
of your medical license.
If you really want revenge,
why don't you take it now?
It's just you and me in this room.
Scalpel.
Let me just ask you one thing.
What is it?
Why did you donate In Joo's organs?
I already told you
that I wanted to let her
live on in another body.
Is that really the only reason?
- What do you mean?
- Didn't you have another motive?
Are you suggesting
that I planned all of it?
- Because she had a rare blood type...
- Kang In Kyu.
The hospital called...
A TA patient is brain-dead,
so they're donating the organs.
Put it up to my ear.
Hello?
What about the
Brain Death Decision Committee?
The meeting just ended.
The extraction is tomorrow.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Think about how In Joo and your father...
would've wanted you to live your life.
And think about why you wanted
to become a doctor in the first place.
Really?
Okay, I got it. I'll be right down.
Okay.
Our hospital has the
kidney incentive program, right?
Yes, we have it.
The congressman's wife said
that she found a liver donor...
so we just need to do the surgery.
Pardon?
I heard that there's a brain-dead
patient at our hospital right now.
Since the kidney
belongs to our hospital...
let's do a simultaneous
liver and kidney transplant.
Oh, sure.
Should we entrust
this surgery with Doctor Lee?
- Are you talking about Joo Hyuk?
- If not for him
who else would we
entrust with this surgery?
If we leave it to the center chief
he'll probably stir up a fuss
about hospital regulations.
If you're willing to do that...
Thank you.
I'll let Doctor Lee know.
How do you know that doctor back there?
I didn't like how he was looking at you.
Has Patient Kim Soon Nam arrived?
Yes, he has arrived.
What's wrong with you? I said no!
- Just this once.
- I said no!
Do you have a conscience?
Please, just this once!
- I said no!
- What's the matter?
They haven't paid their hospital fees,
and their parents are nowhere in sight.
They just sent the kids here,
and they're being so stubborn.
Doctor, please save my little sister.
- Okay, let's go inside.
- You can't.
- Get out of the way.
- I told you, they haven't paid yet!
Is that important
when a child is in this state?
Let's go.
Please inject her
with a dose of metronidazole.
Since she's underweight
for her age, inject the fluids slowly.
Okay.
What are you doing
out in the cold? Let's go inside.
You're hurt too.
I said, let's go inside.
I'll have to pay hospital fees then.
That's not something
for you to worry about
because the adults
will worry about that for you.
Wow, you're hurt pretty badly.
Didn't it hurt? It looks
like it would have hurt.
If it hurt, you should've told us
instead of holding it in.
Doctor.
- Yeah?
- How can I become a doctor?
I want to be a doctor, just like you.
A kind doctor, who helps
the unfortunate, like us.
I'm not a kind doctor though.
But I have a feeling that
you'll become a kind doctor.
You worried about your little sister
before worrying about yourself.
You're more than qualified.
If you're not a kind doctor...
then who is?
What are you doing? We're here.
- Okay.
- You've been acting weird today.
Oh, really? I see
everyone got off already.
Thank you, Doctor. Thank you so much.
You've been waiting a long time.
I'll do my best to perform
the surgery successfully.
Yes, I'll leave it to you, Doctor.
Please take care of him.
Pass! Pass!
Are you saying that
Lee Gil Sang is still alive?
Geez, you've gotten
a lot weaker, haven't you?
You should have killed him.
Why only leave him in a coma?
- Where is he?
- Sunrim Hospital.
I stabbed him like crazy
to kill him, but they saved him?
- What a guy.
- Who are you talking about?
What?
There's an interesting
new doctor in the infirmary.
- His name is Kang In Kyu.
- Kang In Kyu?
Look into it. Find out
what he did before this
and why he crawled in here.
If I'm lucky, I'll be able
to use him to my advantage.
Okay.
[Certificate - Myungin University]
[Job Application]
[Family: Kang Dae Soo,
Kang In Joo, Lee Joo Hui]
There's definitely
something going on here.
Yes?
I need your approval.
Why are you buying so many medications?
- We just performed a big surgery.
- Bring me the medical log.
Nurse Ahn, the medical log!
Okay!
[Medical Log]
[A problem with liver function.]
Who prescribed these?
Doctor Kang.
To whom?
4713.
Kim Hyung Bum.
Ignore him. Nothing good
will come out of getting close to him.
What's the matter? Did he
prescribe the wrong medication?
No, he didn't.
It's all set. You can go.
Okay.
How is he? Will he be
able to undergo surgery?
Yes, he's in a good enough
condition to undergo surgery.
Did you find a donor?
Congressman Noh's cousin
agreed to make the donation.
What about the kidney?
Didn't you hear that our hospital
has a brain-dead patient?
If all goes well,
we're going to operate right away
so improve the patient's
condition as much as possible.
I want to leave Congressman Noh's
surgery to you, Doctor Lee.
What do you think?
A simultaneous transplant
on a congressman.
People will show a lot of interest.
If you're okay with it,
we want to do a live surgery.
What do you think?
What are you doing, not answering him?
This punk is really cautious, you see.
I apologize.
I'm sorry.
I'll do it.
You made the right decision.
Thank you.
Doctor, a patient is here to see you.
4713.
You don't seem to be
in a good mood today.
Does it seem that way?
Geez, aren't you happy to see me?
I'm happy to see you though.
Thankfully, the wound isn't infected.
I was worried.
I heard that you saved
that bastard, Lee Gil Sang.
- Yes.
- You're skilled.
It couldn't have been easy.
Why would it be?
You gave your all, stabbing him.
I did, at the time.
I was trying to kill him, you see.
But you saved his life.
You saved me too.
I already have a life sentence,
so if he had died, it would get doubled.
Wow, if it hadn't been for you,
I would've lost all hope of getting out.
That's a relief.
But...
I guess you can tell, just from the wound
whether it was a professional
or an amateur who did the stabbing.
I could've seen the cut
to the liver as a coincidence
but the precise stabbing
of the main artery
suggests that you have medical knowledge.
- You said you saw me on the news.
- Yes.
Then you must know
about the crimes I committed.
I don't remember the exact details.
I was in the log business.
The log business where you take
logs and plant them somewhere else.
I'm talking about
organ trade, you stuffy punk.
Is that what you call it?
That's right.
I've been in that business for years.
I know, even if I don't look at it.
I know where each organ is.
- Who did the surgery?
- What?
The extraction? That was
someone else, named Yeon Jang.
He's...
The truth is, the bastard I stabbed...
was that Yeon Jang.
Why are you so surprised?
- I'm not.
- But the thing is
from time to time,
mistakes are made in the extraction
which is a shame, because that's the
most important part of our business.
Didn't you say you worked
at a major hospital before you came here?
Yes.
Which department?
I specialized in surgery.
Okay, let's go.
Do you know anything about
Prisoner Lee Gil Sang?
No, I don't know much about him.
May I look at the prisoners'
information or records then?
Of course.
[Borami System]
[Kim Hyung Bum]
[Gyeonggi Province
Court of Law, Kim Hyung Bum]
[Ruling]
The victim was Kang Dae Soo.
Kang Dae...
[Job Application]
[Kang Dae Soo]
[Deceased]
Think about how In Joo and your father
would've wanted you to live your life.
And think about why you
became a doctor in the first place.
[Lee Gil Sang]
The creatine numbers are the same.
It won't drop, even with the
dialysis we're performing.
What about the brain-dead
patient from the car accident?
The extraction has just begun.
Let me know once you have
the results for this patient then.
Please increase the DFR to 600.
(Dialysis Flow Rate.)
[Director Lee]
What do you mean by that?
I'm telling you to give the brain-dead
patient's liver to Congressman Noh.
I can't do that. I will look
at the results and follow regulation.
A congressman, and a criminal.
Who is the right person to save?
When making a choice,
sacrifice is necessary.
And that judgement
must be based on worth.
That's what we call an opportunity cost.
If we save Congressman Noh,
he'll make a contribution to society
but if we save a criminal,
he'll commit another crime.
Don't misunderstand.
This isn't a request, but an order.
Defendant Lee Gil Sang
conspired with Kim Hyung Bum
and kidnapped the victim,
Kang Dae Soo, killed him...
and after illegally
extracting his organs...
tried to flee the country.
You knew all along, didn't you?
You knew that Kim Hyung Bum,
the man who killed my father
had an accomplice, didn't you?
Tell me right now.
Yeah.
Why didn't you tell me?
You should have at least...
When he was arrested,
you were in high school
focusing on your studies so that
you could go to medical school.
Do you know what you've done, Mister?
I used my own hands...
to save the guy who killed my father.
That bastard, Lee Gil Sang, who I
saved and sent to this hospital...
was the accomplice
who extracted my father's organs.
Why do you always judge
and decide as you please
and makes things turn out this way? Why?
Did you say that the patient
you sent was his accomplice?
15 years ago...
when Kim Hyung Bum was arrested,
Lee Gil Sang was on the run.
Kim Hyung Bum,
who took the fall for all of it
stabbed Lee Gil Sang as soon as
he was transferred to his prison
and I was the one who saved him!
Save him no matter what.
Save him and send him back to the prison.
I'm going to make sure
that he dies in my hands.
Bench OP was completed successfully.
A congressman...
and a criminal.
Who is the right person to save?
Forceps.
I thought you said you'd operate today.
I apologize.
I'm going to cut off all your government
support and business donations
from this point forward, so be prepared.
Get the disciplinary committee
together immediately.
This is about Center Chief Go Jung Hoon.
Hello?
A heart with a Rh-positive B
type blood, by tomorrow?
Yes, I got it.
I'll send it by tomorrow.
Bye.
Okay.
A Rh-positive B...
kidney?
I'm going to begin the reperfusion.
Reperfusion.
Okay.
[DramaFever Ver] tvN E02 Cross
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
[Organ Extraction Accomplice
Caught After a Long Life on the Run]
[Live Surgery: Congressman Noh's
Simultaneous Liver-Kidney Transplant]
[Preparing for Surgery]
[Sunrim Hospital Stirs up Conspiracy
by Transplanting a Kidney to Criminal]
What is going on here?
Thankfully, Congressman Noh
is in surgery right now.
If he knew that you gave
the kidney to a criminal
instead of to him,
imagine what would've happened!
I simply followed regulation.
Why are you so inflexible?
Even if that criminal was
at the top of the list
you should've given the congressman
the transplant, instead of the criminal.
It's not like anyone would find out,
so why did you follow regulation
and humiliate us all?
I'll begin.
Scalpel.
Gauze.
But we can't violate regulation.
Can you say that in this situation?
Even if regulations are important
we shouldn't be contemplating between
the congressman and a criminal.
Then, are you saying that giving it
to the congressman
was the right thing to do?
Well, that's not
exactly what I'm saying...
We're doctors.
I believe that we must treat our patients
equally, no matter what anyone says.
Without regards to their status.
The blood vessel anatomy looks good.
Is it that hard to turn
a blind eye, just this once?
A patient's life is on the line.
Do you think you're the only one
who cares about patient's lives?
But he didn't violate the rules. Taking
disciplinary action for following it...
is unjust.
I agree.
Really? Fine.
Then, let's take a vote.
And see what result we get.
It's because of Kim Hyung Bum, isn't it?
The reason you came here.
A son who became a doctor at a prison
to get revenge for his father?
Wow.
Wow, this is enough
to make international headlines.
Did you do a background check on me?
If you administer this much medicine,
he'll die in less than a week.
I knew you were fishy...
I won't let this happen,
as long as I'm in charge.
What is it that you want?
Get out... before you create chaos.
Suture.
You should hurry. His BP is dropping.
Why? Is there a problem?
- Should I call the center chief?
- No.
I'm fine.
What's wrong with him?
Lower it.
More.
- Geez, what is this?
- There's blood everywhere!
- Wait, what's going on?
- Call them!
Doctor, what do we do about this blood?
Block it! Gauze! Gauze!
- Doctor, what do we do about the blood?
- Gauze! Gauze!
Suction! Suction!
What are you doing?
Gauze! Gauze! Give me more gauze!
What are they doing down there?
What's wrong, Doctor Lee?
Huh? Huh? Hey! Hey, hey!
Call the center chief! Hurry! Hurry!
- Get a hold of yourself!
- He's not answering...
Hurry! Go and find him immediately!
- Hey, what are you doing? Find him!
- Yes, Sir!
Run over there! Run!
I will announce the voting results
of the disciplinary committee meeting
regarding Center Chief Go.
- What about you, Chief Baek?
- What about me?
You should leave with me then.
I applied for this position
with the same reason as yours.
I simply want to take care
of the patients...
I applied for this position
for the exact same reason.
I didn't come here to kill Kim Hyung Bum.
I came here to save a life,
just like you did.
What are you talking about?
4817.
His name is Baek Sung Ho.
Your one and only son
lives with high blood pressure
and high cholesterol
so I'm sure you were worried.
You pay six 10-minute visits a week
to your son, under the guise
of giving him treatment.
Geez.
Do you think you'd be able
to stay here if the truth got out?
I guess you're acting like this
because you're afraid
you won't be able to take care
of your son if I cause trouble.
But don't worry.
I'll say it again
but I'm not here to kill Kim Hyung Bum.
I came here to save him
so that he can live
in misery for a long time.
May I go now?
13 are in favor, 13 are opposed,
and 2 abstained from voting.
As such, I will go forward
with special enforcements.
Do it quickly.
Center Chief!
- What is it? You didn't even knock!
- We're in trouble!
Congressman Noh is about
to go into cardiac arrest!
- What?
- Center Chief, you must come quickly!
What are you doing? Get over there.
150 Joules!
150 Joules! Charged!
One, two, three! Clear!
Shoot!
200 Joules!
200 Joules! Charged!
One, two, three! Clear!
Shoot!
- What's going on here?
- Did his heart stop?
Give me the scalpel.
Pardon?
What are you doing? Give me the scalpel.
I told you to give me the scalpel!
Are you planning on sacrificing
perfectly healthy people?
Forceps.
Suture.
Scissors.
- He's back!
- He's been saved!
What did he do?
Wow!
Don't worry about his vitals.
The collateral vessel was left out.
Why did he make such a mistake?
Scissors.
Check the doppler
once the surgery is finished
and re-register him for a liver
transplant as an emergency patient.
He won't last more than
a few days in this state.
- Yes, Sir.
Control the bleeding and close him up.
Let's give it some time.
- I got it, Sir.
- Okay.
Let's talk.
Are you sad that your friend is gone?
I'm not sad. I'm jealous.
He doesn't have to be locked up anymore.
If it's too stuffy, would you like me
to take you out for some fresh air?
That's okay. You're busy.
I'd still be stuck
inside the prison anyway.
Don't feel too sad.
I'm sure he went to a good place.
Did you say that he donated his organs?
Yes.
Do you think I could do that too?
It isn't our specialty,
so we could only explain so much.
Organ donation isn't an
easy decision to make either.
Not at all. I should
head over there, of course.
I'll head over soon.
It was caused by the fact
that you started the anastomosis
before blocking the collateral vessel.
But...
the condition of the blood vessels...
If you bite off more than you can chew,
an accident is bound to happen.
You almost killed two people today.
Both the donor and the recipient.
If you ever feel unconfident
about a surgery, let me know
instead of experimenting
with patients' lives.
I'll keep that in mind.
Where's the doctor?
Isn't the doctor coming out?
Sir, please talk to me.
Not you! Tell the
doctor in charge to come out!
- If you don't stop, I'll report you.
- Okay, go ahead!
Go ahead!
What are you glaring at?
Darn it.
Hello, is this security?
Are you crazy?
Joo Hyuk.
Joo Hyuk, are you okay?
What do we do? Oh my,
what if your tendons are torn?
What do we do?
[Organ Donation Registration Information]
Please read this part.
- So Grandpa...
- Baek Gyu Sang.
Oh, yes, I mean...
Baek Gyu Sang, if you look here
you will be a brain death donor.
And as a brain death donor
you consent to donating your organs
if your brain stops functioning
and can't be recovered.
If the brain is dead,
your heart will stop
within a maximum of two weeks,
no matter what treatments you receive.
So if my heart stops first...
then I won't be able to donate my organs.
Whoa, that's right.
Grandpa, you're so smart...
You're very impressive.
But you'll still be able
to donate your cornea.
I guess someone else will see
the world through my eyes then.
Yes.
I'm serving a life sentence
so I didn't think I'd ever see
the outside world again.
I'd like that. I can
see the outside world again.
Even if I'll be seeing it
in someone else's body.
Do you feel that suffocated?
Of course.
You're doing a good deed.
Do I need to sign here?
Yes.
If you ever change
your mind, let me know.
It can always be withdrawn.
Did you consult your family about this?
Organ extraction leaves a big scar.
It may be easy for you
to sign those forms
but it could really hurt
your surviving family members.
It can be withdrawn
with your family's opposition
even if you already gave your consent.
Either way, my body
will rot or burn after I die
so who cares if it leaves a scar?
But you must still consider...
how your surviving
family members would feel.
Doctor, why are you being like this?
This is my daughter.
And this child is my granddaughter.
Wow, she's so cute.
Her mother is beautiful too.
She conceived her
second child not too long ago.
Doctor, come take a look.
Take a look. I looked at it so much,
I feel like they're my family.
Go on.
Isn't there a saying?
They say that if
a parent commits a sin...
then the children will
inherit the consequences.
I should do something good
before I go, don't you think?
That's the only way...
that these kids won't pay for my sins.
And even if it's through another body...
I'll probably run
into them at least once...
even if it's just by chance.
That's why I decided to be a donor.
I want to see her,
at least once in my life.
Children...
aren't allowed to come for visits.
My daughter is coming to see me today.
When she gets here,
I'll explain it to her
and tell her not to be too sad.
So you don't have to worry
too much either.
Excuse me!
Why is your mindset so
screwed up, when you're so young?
What's wrong with my mindset?
- Aren't you a doctor?
- I am.
If you're a doctor but you're
not going to recommend it
at least don't get in the way!
I simply gave him an explanation.
I didn't get in the way.
"The impact it will have on his family?"
- The pain.
- Wow.
Okay, it's true that the organ
donors' families get hurt.
But they also live on
with more pride as a result.
And even if the
organ donor consents to it
it can be withdrawn
if the family opposes.
There are some circumstances
where that's not possible.
Wait, what kind of
circumstances are those?
Gosh, you talk like you're
the organ donor's family.
My one and only little sister...
donated her organs
as a brain-dead patient before she left.
Without my consent, and just
the consent of my foster father.
Wow, what do I do?
Is it too late to apologize?
No, it's not like
I'll ever see him again.
I'm just overreacting.
- Get in.
- I'm fine.
Please just get in.
I'll drop you off on my way home.
I'm really okay.
I'm really sorry
about what I said earlier.
So hurry and get in. The car
behind us is waiting. Hurry.
Are you sleeping?
No, I'm not.
- Are you mad then?
- I'm not mad.
Hey, I think you are.
I'm just closing my eyes
because I get carsick. I'm not mad.
Car sickness? Yeah, right.
But how do you know the center chief?
We just happen to know each other.
In what way?
We just ran into each other in the past,
since we live in such a small world.
[Baby on Board]
Make a fist, open your fist
clap your hands, make a fist again.
Open your fist again,
and clap your hands
and then put your hands on your head...
Geez, what's wrong with him?
Geez, seriously.
Let him go ahead. He must be in a rush.
Geez.
Hey! Drive properly!
You should've pulled over faster!
- What's wrong with him?
- What is he saying?
What's wrong with that guy?
Geez.
Geez, seriously.
You put on your seatbelt, right?
- I did.
- What about Byul?
I took it off for her since she felt
it was stuffy, but I'll put it back on.
I'll put it back on. Byul, come here.
- Geez!
- Gosh!
Honey, are you okay?
I was just startled.
No, check one more time.
Are you really okay?
I'm fine. I'm fine. Let's go slowly.
Okay. Geez, seriously.
Darn it.
Oh my gosh! Oh no!
- Are you okay?
- What about you?
There's blood. You're bleeding.
What do we do? Call 911! Call 911!
Oh no.
- Are you all right?
- Are you okay?
Is this 911? There's been
a car crash, but...
You're doing a good job.
Are you all right?
Help! There's a pregnant woman
and a young child in this car!
Call 911!
She conceived her second child.
This is my daughter.
And this child is my granddaughter.
My daughter is coming to see me today.
When she gets here,
I'll explain it to her
and tell her not to feel too sad.
Can you hear me? Wake up! Wake up!
[Cross]
What happened?
If we don't operate,
both the mother and baby will die!
Doctor Kang, why did you become
a doctor? Wasn't it to get revenge?
Stick to doing just one thing then!
- We meet again.
- Are you hitting on me?
- What's with that expression?
- I think you're pathetic.
Gosh, seriously! What a jerk!
Did you open it? He took out a lot
of loans. I think he's troubled.
Doctor Kang is very interested in you.
Do you want me to
introduce you to a part-time job?
Subtitles by DramaFever